Dear Aalto Admission Team, 

As a final year master student in Computer Science at TU Delft, I want my academic career to continue after with this degree. Therefore I am currently in search of opportunities and a possible PhD. Your PhD Student Position in Reinforcement Learning and Planning of high performance Neural Network Architectures aligns perfectly with my motivation and focus of research. 

Reinforcement learning is my main point of interest. What started as a spark of interest in Machine Learning during my bachelor's degree at TU Vienna led me to move to the Netherlands for my master's to get the best possible education in that field I could find. There my current master thesis supervisor got me especially interested in reinforcement learning as it has an incredible amount of potential and room to grow. My current interest includes but is by no means limited to the Hindsight Experience Replay algorithm. HER has generated much interest in the last couple of years, especially in the world of robotics. My current master thesis is a solo investigation into the impact of the replay buffer on the generalizability of an agent, and partly utilizes HER to improve said property. Another topic that interests me is Monte Carlo Tree Search, as its adaptability seems to be boundless. One of my more in depth projects at the TU Delft focussed on investigating MCTS. It included implementing novel pessimistic evaluations of the built MCTS tree. The resulting paper is still in work to be published, and as it showed promising results was further utilized as a master thesis opportunity by one of my project colleagues. 

To my person I can say that I can work very independently, however I still thoroughly enjoy collaborating with colleagues on projects and also both discussing my ideas with people as well as helping others succeed in their projects. Furthermore what I lack in experience with robotics I can make up for in eagerness to learn. The idea of working on or at least in collaboration with robotics inspires me greatly, as it very clearly displays the aspiring end goal of reinforcement learning and machine learning in general. Even though I greatly enjoy working on proof of concepts and theoretical applications, I imagine the dream of everyone in this field is the actual application of the learned. My aim is to help make that dream a reality. 
While the transition between countries did not happen without any problems, I learned valuable lessons along the way. One of which would be my ability to insert myself in new environments and adapt, while also working with people from around the world in an inclusive setting. 

In total this position is a unique and incredibly fitting opportunity for me and while it comes with large expectations, I am up to the task and excited to tackle any challenge that I will encounter along the way. 

Appreciating your time to read this and kind regards,   
Felix Kaubeks
